W-14321361-app-level-egress-rules (#156)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ps-config-app-level-egress.adoc

[NOTE]
You must also allow outbound access to all 443 at the private space level separately.

To allow HTTPS connections to OSv2, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rule:

* Protocol: `HTTPS`
* Destination: `[Custom Domains]`
** With value
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
* Port Range: `443`

To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an app-level egress rule group with the following two rules:

. Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:
** Protocol: `HTTPS`
** Destination: `[Custom Domains]`
*** With value
**** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
**** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
** Port Range: `443`
. Allow egress to MQ destination:
** Protocol: HTTPS
** Destination: `[Custom Domains]`
*** With value of the domain name configured in MQ connector URL
+
For example, if the MQ connector URL is `https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/`,
use value `mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.
** Port Range 443
. Allow egress to Object Store v2 destination
** Protocol: `HTTPS`
** Destination: `[Custom Domains}`
*** With value

> **** For prod: `object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Reviewer: Similar to MQ, we should add a note that this URL will vary by region i.e., if user wants to access object store in ap-southeast-1, then object store URL to add here will be object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com

. Click *Apply Changes*.

== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ

To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an application-level egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Allow egress to the MQ destination:

* *Protocol*: HTTPS
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With the value of the domain name configured in the MQ connector URL
+
For example, if the MQ connector URL is `https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/`,
use the value `mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.

== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to Object Store v2

To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an application-level egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

> Allow egress to the Object Store v2 destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allow egress to the Object Store v2 destination:
```

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `[xxx]`
+
This URL varies depending on the region. For example, to access Object Store in `ap-southeast-1`, add the URL `object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com` as the value.

> If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as when `https://salesforce.com` redirects to `https://www.salesforce.com`, allow egress for both the original target, `salesforce.com`, and the redirected target, `www.salesforce.com`.

Reviewer 3: We should remove "http://" and "https://" - we are only dealing with domains here, not URLs

Reviewer 3: Also, this statement is only true for the (probably small) use cases where www.salesforce.com resolves to a different IP than salesforce.com

> 

Reviewer 4: Add in here - "Wildcard is not supported. For example, *.salesforce.com does automatically cover example.salesforce.com."

Reviewer 3: "does NOT" you mean :)

== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager

To add application-level egress support to API Manager, add a custom rule group with the following rule to allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

[NOTE]

> When configuring application-level egress connections to Anypoint MQ, Object Store v2, or API Manager, you must also allow outbound access to all 443 ports at the private-space level separately.

Reviewer 3: > at the private-space level

Do customers know what this means? Is there a link we can provide to take them to configuring the private space firewall rules?

== Performance Impact

> Given the extra layer of validation, using the application-level egress rules can introduce three-minute to ten-minute network latency delays to your applications' connections. To balance security and performance:

Reviewer 3: Surely we mean "milliseconds" here?

I would word it as "can introduce 3-10ms network latency to your applications' connections".

> * Limit active rule groups to 20 in your private space.

Reviewer 3: > active

What does "active" mean in this context? Does an active vs non-active rule group have a different impact on performance?

* Use a maximum of 40 rules per rule group.
* Limit the total combination of rule groups and rules to 800. 
+
You can customize the number of rule groups and rules in the combination based on your needs.

These measures help optimize latency while maintaining effective network security.

[NOTE]

> DNS record timing issues can sometimes lead to unexpected connectivity errors. To enhance the reliability of Mule applications, implement robust error handling and connection retry mechanisms.

Reviewer 3: > "To enhance the reliability of Mule applications,"

As with any application connecting to cloud services,"

[NOTE]
Ensure that you finished provisioning your private network before enabling the toggle.

Toggling *App-Level Egress Rules* enables the *Default-Egress-Rule-Group*. The default egress rule is *Allow any protocol to any destination*. 

image::ps-toggle-app-level-egress.png[Toggle app-level egress rules feature]

To modify the default egress rule group:

. Click *Edit*.
. In the *Egress Rules* section of the group configuration window, select the desired protocol and destination.
. Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the rule group.
+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Update Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+
Your changes affect all the applications in the current private space.
+
[NOTE]
You cannot rename or delete the default rule group.

image::ps-egress-edit-default.png[Edit the default app level egress rule group]

To create a new custom egress rule group:

. Click *Create Rule Group*.
. In the rule group configuration window, add a group name.
+ 
You can edit and rename custom rule groups. 

> . In the *Egress Rules* section, click *Add Rule* and select the desired protocol and destination to add new rules to the rule group.

Author: Customers don’t need to click "Add Rule" twice. The instruction is to click "Add Rule" each time they want to add a new rule (as a rule group can have many rules). I think it is clear if we say it once?

Reviewer 2: Maybe: In the *Egress Rules* section, click *Add Rule* and select the protocol and destination for every rule that you want to add.

> . In the *Egress Rules* section, click *Add Rule* and select the desired protocol and destination to add new rules to the new custom rule group.

Author: Actually, customers don’t need to click "Add Rule" twice. The instruction is to click "Add Rule" each time they want to add a new rule (as a rule group can have many rules). I think it is clear if we say it once.

= Configuring Application-Level Egress Rules
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Application-level egress rules are independent of private-space-level firewall rules. For egress traffic to go through, it must pass both private space and application-level control.

== Before You Begin

* Set up your private space and finish provisioning your private network.

> * Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Viewer permission, which is required to view a private space's firewall and application level rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Viewer permission, which is required to view a private space's firewall and application-level rules.
```

> * Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Administrator permission, which is required to modify a private space's firewall and application level rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Administrator permission, which is required to modify a private space's firewall and application-level rules.
```

> == Configure Application Level Rules in Your Private Space

Reviewer 2: Please change all occurrences of application level rules to application-level rules and app level rules to app-level rules in text, headings, and alt text.  Here is an article about compound adjectives: https://www.gingersoftware.com/content/grammar-rules/adjectives/compound-adjectives

To configure the application-level rules in a private space:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager* > *Private Spaces*.
. Click the name of the private space to manage.
. On the *Firewall rules* tab, expand the *App-Level Rules* section.

By default, the application level egress rules feature is disabled when you create a new private space. Toggle the feature to enable it.

[NOTE]
Ensure that you finished provisioning your private network before enabling the toggle.

Toggling *App-Level Egress Rules* enables the *Default-Egress-Rule-Group*. The default egress rule is *Allow any protocol to any destination*. 

image::ps-toggle-app-level-egress.png[Toggle app-level egress rules feature]

To modify the default egress rule group:

. Click *Edit*.
. In the *Egress Rules* section of the group configuration window, select the desired protocol and destination.
. Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the rule group.
+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Update Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+
Your changes affect all applications in the current private space.
+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: I would remove the note and have regular text. We try not to overuse notes.

You cannot rename or delete the default rule group.

image::ps-egress-edit-default.png[Edit the default app level egress rule group]

To create a new custom egress rule group:

. Click *Create Rule Group*.
. In the rule group configuration window, add a group name.
+ 
You can edit and rename custom rule groups. 
. In the *Egress Rules* section, click *Add Rule* and select the desired protocol and destination to add new rules to the rule group.
+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Create Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+

> To use your custom rule groups, you must select them in the applications settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use custom rule groups, select them in the applications settings.
```

To delete an existing custom rule group: 

. Select *Delete* from the *More actions* menu image:more-icon.png[More actions menu, 2%,2%]. 
. When prompted, click *Delete Rule Group* to confirm the deletion.
+
[NOTE]
Once you delete a custom rule group, any applications that use it immediately start using the default egress rule group instead.

image::ps-egress-delete-ruleset.png[Delete custom egress rule group]

You can disable the application level egress rule feature by clicking the feature's toggle. When prompted, click *Delete and Disable App-Level Rules* to confirm. 

[NOTE]
Once you disable the application-level egress rule feature, all custom application-level egress rule groups are deleted, and all application-level egress is allowed for all applications.

== Apply Application Level Egress Rules When Deploying Your Applications

You can apply the app-level egress rules that you configured in your private space when you deploy an application:

> . When deploying an application to your private space, go to the *Firewall Rules* tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. When deploying an application to your private space, select the *Firewall Rules* tab.
```

+
The *Egress Rule Group* section shows the rule groups configured for the selected private space.
. Select the egress ruleset to apply to your application. 
+
The selected rule group's details appear below the *Egress Rule Group* list.
. Click *Apply Changes*.

> == Configure an Application Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ or ObjectStore v2

Reviewer 2: Please see my comments about having two separate sections here:

Configure an Application Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ
Configure an Application Egress Connection to ObjectStore

To set up connections to Anypoint MQ or OSv2 and access external endpoints, such as `anypoint.mulesoft.com`, follow these steps:

[NOTE]
You must also allow outbound access to all 443 ports at the private-space level separately.

To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:
* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Allow egress to MQ destination:
* *Protocol*: HTTPS
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`

> ** With the value of the domain name configured in MQ connector URL

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** With the value of the domain name configured in the MQ connector URL
```

+
For example, if the MQ connector URL is `https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/`,
use value `mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.

> To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an application-level egress rule group with the following rules:
```

Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:
* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`

> ** With value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** With value:
```

*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Allow egress to Object Store v2 destination
* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`

> ** With value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** With value:
```

*** For prod: `object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `[xxx]`
+
This URL varies depending on the region. For example, to access Object Store in `ap-southeast-1`, add the URL `object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com` as the value.

If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as when `https://salesforce.com` redirects to `https://www.salesforce.com`, allow egress for both the original target, `salesforce.com`, and the redirected target, `www.salesforce.com`.

== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager

To add application-level egress support to API Manager.

Add a custom rule group with the following rule to allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`

> ** With value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** With value:
```

*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

== Performance Impact

> Given the extra layer of validation, using the application level egress rules can introduce three to ten-minute network latency delays to your applications' connections. To balance security and performance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given the extra layer of validation, using the application level egress rules can introduce three-minute to ten-minute network latency delays to your applications' connections. To balance security and performance:
```

* Limit active rule groups to 20 in your private space.
* Use a maximum of 40 rules per rule group.

> * Limit the total combination of rule group and rules to 800. 

Reviewer 2: rule group > rule groups?

== Configure Application Level Rules in Your Private Space

To configure the application-level rules in a private space:

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager* > *Private Spaces*.
. Click the name of the private space to manage.
. On the *Firewall rules* tab, expand the *App-Level Rules* section.

By default, the application level egress rules feature is disabled when you create a new private space. Toggle the feature to enable it.

[NOTE]
Ensure that you finished provisioning your private network before enabling the toggle.

Toggling *App-Level Egress Rules* enables the *Default-Egress-Rule-Group*. The default egress rule is *Allow any protocol to any destination*. 

image::ps-toggle-app-level-egress.png[Toggle app-level egress rules feature]

To modify the default egress rule group:

. Click *Edit*.
. In the *Egress Rules* section of the group configuration window, select the desired protocol and destination.
. Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the rule group.
+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Update Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+

> Your changes affect all the applications in the current private space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your changes affect all applications in the current private space.
```

To delete an existing custom rule group: 

. Select *Delete* from the *More actions* menu image:more-icon.png[More actions menu, 2%,2%]. 
. When prompted, click *Delete Rule Group* to confirm the deletion.
+
[NOTE]
Once you delete a custom rule group, any applications that use it immediately start using the default egress rule group instead.

image::ps-egress-delete-ruleset.png[Delete custom egress rule group]

You can disable the application level egress rule feature by clicking the feature's toggle. When prompted, click *Delete and Disable App-Level Rules* to confirm. 

[NOTE]
Once you disable the application-level egress rule feature, all custom application-level egress rule groups are deleted, and all application-level egress is allowed for all applications.

== Apply Application Level Egress Rules When Deploying Your Applications

You can apply the app-level egress rules that you configured in your private space when you deploy an application:

. When deploying an application to your private space, go to the *Firewall Rules* tab.
+
The *Egress Rule Group* section shows the rule groups configured for the selected private space.

> . Select the egress ruleset you want to apply to your application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the egress ruleset to apply to your application. 
```

* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value:
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Allow egress to MQ destination:
* *Protocol*: HTTPS
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With the value of the domain name configured in MQ connector URL
+
For example, if the MQ connector URL is `https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/`,
use value `mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.

To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rules:

Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:
* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value
*** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Allow egress to Object Store v2 destination
* *Protocol*: `HTTPS`
* *Destination*: `Custom Domains`
** With value
*** For prod: `object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
*** For prod-eu: `[xxx]`
+
This URL varies depending on the region. For example, to access Object Store in `ap-southeast-1`, add the URL `object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com` as the value.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as when `https://salesforce.com` redirects to `https://www.salesforce.com`, allow egress for both the original target, `salesforce.com`, and the redirected target, `www.salesforce.com`.

> == Configure Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager
```

> You can add application-level egress support to API Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add application-level egress support to API Manager.
```

> = Configuring Application Level Egress Rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Configuring Application-Level Egress Rules
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Application level egress rules are independent of private space level firewall rules. For an egress traffic to go through, it must pass both private space and application level control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application-level egress rules are independent of private-space-level firewall rules. For egress traffic to go through, it must pass both private space and application-level control.
```

Reviewer 2: Global:
application level > application-level when used as an adjective, for example, application-level rule.

== Before You Begin

> * Set up your private space and complete the provisioning of your private network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Set up your private space and finish provisioning your private network.
```

* Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Viewer permission, which is required to view a private space's firewall and application level rules.
* Verify that your account has CloudHub Network Administrator permission, which is required to modify a private space's firewall and application level rules.

== Configure Application Level Rules in Your Private Space

> To configure the application level groups in a private space:

Reviewer 2: Do you mean application-level rules instead of application-level groups? The lead-in suggests that you mean the former.

. From Anypoint Platform, select *Runtime Manager* > *Private Spaces*.
. Click the name of the private space to manage.
. On the *Firewall rules* tab, expand the *App-Level Rules* section.

By default, the application level egress rules feature is disabled when you create a new private space. Toggle the feature to enable it.

[NOTE]

> Ensure that you have completed the provisioning of your private network before enabling the toggle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you finished provisioning your private network before enabling the toggle.
```

> Ensure that you have completed the provisioning of your private network before enabling the toggle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you finished  provisioning your private network before you enable the toggle.
```

> Toggling the *App-Level Egress Rules* feature enables the *Default-Egress-Rule-Group*. The default egress rule is *Allow any protocol to any destination*. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Toggling *App-Level Egress Rules* enables the *Default-Egress-Rule-Group*. The default egress rule is *Allow any protocol to any destination*. 
```

image::ps-toggle-app-level-egress.png[Toggle app-level egress rules feature]

To modify the default egress rule group:

. Click *Edit*.
+
The rule group configuration window opens.

> . In the *Egress Rules* section, use the drop-down list to select the desired protocol and destination.

Reviewer 2: Can you just say "In the *Egress Rules* section, select the desired protocol and destination"?

Reviewer 2: I suggest removing "The rule group configuration window open" and saying this:
"In the *Egress Rules* section of the group configuration window, select the desired protocol and destination."

. Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the rule group.
+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Update Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+
Your changes will affect all the applications in the current private space.
+
[NOTE]

> You can neither rename nor delete the default rule group.

Reviewer 2: Simpler wording: "You cannot rename or delete the default rule group."

image::ps-egress-edit-default.png[Edit the default app level egress rule group]

To create a new custom egress rule group:

. Click *Create Rule Group*.
+

> The rule group configuration window opens.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as before - remove this and mention the window in the next step.

. Add a group name.
+ 
You can edit and rename custom rule groups. 

> . In the *Egress Rules* section, click *Add Rule* and use the dropdown list to select the desired protocol and destination.

Reviewer 2: Remove "use the dropdown list to"

> . Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the new rule group.

Reviewer 2: Is this correct? Does the user have to click *Add Rule* twice (once in the previous step and once here)?

> . Click *Add Rule* to add new rules to the new rule group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Add Rule* to add the selected rules to the new rule group.
```

+ 
You can delete rules by clicking the delete button image:trash-icon.png[Delete button, 2%,2%].
. Click *Create Egress Rules* to save your changes.
+
To use your custom rule groups, you must select them in the applications settings.

To delete an existing custom rule group: 

> . Select *Delete* from the *More actions* menu image:more-icon.png[More actions menu, 2%,2%]. 

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Select *More actions > Delete*

Author: This wording (and the addition of the icon as an inline image for clarity) was suggested in para-docs in a thread about the kebab menu. If I change to Select More actions > Delete, can I add the icon?  
Select More actions [image] > Delete

Reviewer 2: I think you can add the icon in parentheses for clarity. Here is info from the style guide on the text:

Refer to the  or  (aka kebab, falafel, overflow, three dots) menu/button as the "More <noun> (...) menu" (<noun> depends on the context, such as actions, options, or applications).

. When prompted, click *Delete Rule Group* to confirm the deletion.
+
[NOTE]

> Once you delete a custom rule group, any applications using it immediately starts using the default egress rule group instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you delete a custom rule group, any applications that use it immediately start using the default egress rule group instead.
```

image::ps-egress-delete-ruleset.png[Delete custom egress rule group]

You can disable the application level egress rule feature by clicking the feature's toggle. When prompted, click *Delete and Disable App-Level Rules* to confirm. 

[NOTE]

> Once you disable the feature, all the custom app-level egress rule groups are deleted, and all app-level egress is allowed for all applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you disable the application-level egress rule feature, all custom application-level egress rule groups are deleted, and all application-level egress is allowed for all applications.
```

Reviewer 2: For consistency, use either application-level or app-level throughout the doc. (It is OK to use the shortened form, app-level, in the alt text if you use application-level in the regular text.)

== Apply Application Level Egress Rules When Deploying Your Applications

You can apply the app-level egress rules that you configured in your private space when you deploy an application:

. When deploying an application to your private space, go to the *Firewall Rules* tab.
+

> The *Egress Rule Group* section shows all the rule groups configured for the selected private space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Egress Rule Group* section shows the rule groups configured for the selected private space.
```

> . Use the dropdown list to select the egress ruleset you want to apply to your application. 

Reviewer 2: Can you remove :"Use the dropdown list to"?

> . Use the dropdown list to select the egress ruleset you want to apply to your application. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Select the egress ruleset to apply to your application. 
```

+
The selected rule group's details appear below the *Egress Rule Group* list.

> . Click *Apply Changes* to apply the selected egress rules to your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click *Apply Changes*.
```

> == Configure Application Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ or ObjectStore v2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configure an Application Egress Connection to Anypoint MQ or ObjectStore v2
```

> To set up connections to Anypoint MQ or OSv2, and access external endpoints, such as `anypoint.mulesoft.com` , follow the steps provided in this section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up connections to Anypoint MQ or OSv2 and access external endpoints, such as `anypoint.mulesoft.com`, follow these steps:
```

[NOTE]

> You must also allow outbound access to all 443 at the private space level separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must also allow outbound access to all 443 ports at the private-space level separately.
```

Reviewer 2: What is a 443?

> To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an app-level egress rule group with the following two rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow HTTPS connections to Anypoint MQ, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rules:
```

> . Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:

Reviewer 2: This should not be numbered.

** Protocol: `HTTPS`
** Destination: `Custom Domains`

> *** With value

Reviewer 2: If Protocol, Designation, and With value are interface items, they should be in bold.

**** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
**** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

> . Allow egress to MQ destination:

Reviewer 2: This should not be numbered.

** Protocol: HTTPS
** Destination: `Custom Domains`
*** With value of the domain name configured in MQ connector URL
+
For example, if the MQ connector URL is `https://mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/api/v1/organizations/{{anypointOrgId}}/environments/{{anypointEnvId}}/`,
use value `mq-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`.

> To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an app-level egress rule group with the following two rules:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow HTTPS connections to Object Store v2, add an app-level egress rule group with the following rules:
```

. Allow egress to Anypoint control plane:

> ** Protocol: `HTTPS`

Reviewer 2: Same comments as before

** Destination: `Custom Domains`
*** With value
**** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
**** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
. Allow egress to Object Store v2 destination
** Protocol: `HTTPS`
** Destination: `Custom Domains`
*** With value
**** For prod: `object-store-us-east-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`
**** For prod-eu: `[xxx]`
+

> This URL varies depending on the region. For example, if you want to access Object Store in `ap-southeast-1`, add the URL `object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com` as value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This URL varies depending on the region. For example, o access Object Store in `ap-southeast-1`, add the URL `object-store-ap-southeast-1.anypoint.mulesoft.com` as value.
```

Reviewer 2: as value > as the value?

[NOTE]

> If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as when `https://salesforce.com` redirects to `https://www.salesforce.com`, ensure to allow egress for both the original target, `salesforce.com`, and the redirected target, `www.salesforce.com`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you enable egress for a domain that includes redirection, such as when `https://salesforce.com` redirects to `https://www.salesforce.com`, allow egress for both the original target, `salesforce.com`, and the redirected target, `www.salesforce.com`.
```

> == Configure Application Level Egress Connection to API Manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Configure an Application-Level Egress Connection to API Manager
```

> You can add application level egress support for API Manager.

Reviewer 2: for API Manager > to API Manager to match the heading (or change the heading)

> Add an app-level egress rule group with the following rule to allow egress to Anypoint control plane:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add an app-level egress rule group with the following rule to allow egress to the Anypoint control plane:
```

** Protocol: `HTTPS`
** Destination: `Custom Domains`
*** With value
**** For prod: `anypoint.mulesoft.com`
**** For prod-eu: `eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

== Performance Impact

Given the extra layer of validation, using the application level egress rules can introduce three to ten-minute network latency delays to your applications' connections. To balance security and performance:

* Limit active rule groups to 20 in your private space.
* Use a maximum of 40 rules per rule group.
* Limit the total combination of rule group and rules to 800. 
+
You can customize the number of rule groups and rules in the combination based on your needs.

These measures help optimize latency while maintaining effective network security.

[NOTE]

> DNS record timing issues can sometimes lead to unexpected connectivity errors. To enhance the reliability of Mule applications, ensure to implement robust error handling and connection retry mechanisms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DNS record timing issues can sometimes lead to unexpected connectivity errors. To enhance the reliability of Mule applications, implement robust error handling and connection retry mechanisms.
```
